BetterBattlePetTooltip
=========================

BetterBattlePetTooltip modifies the "Collected" lines in battle pet
tooltips. It supports item tooltips for caged battle pets, unit tooltips
for wild battle pets, and minimap tracking tooltips.

The default "Collected (1/3)" text is changed to "Collected (Level 25)",
to indicate the level of your collected pet, and both the text and the
tooltip border are colored by the rarity of your collected pet.

Colorblind users will be shown the rarity name (eg. "Rare") at the end
of the info line, and the text won't be colored.

When mousing over a wild battle pet unit you have already battled this
login session, an additional line in the tooltip will show the pet's
quality. This only works for unit tooltips (not the tracking tooltips
on the minimap) and only works for the exact pet you battled (not for
other pets of the same type).


Options
----------

Type “/bbpt” to open the options pane, or browse to it in the game’s
Interface Options window.

You can toggle the display of quantities, levels, or previously seen
wild pet qualities.


Download
-----------

* [WoWInterface](http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info21978-BetterBattlePetTooltip.html)
* [Curse](http://www.curse.com/addons/wow/betterbattlepettooltip)


Localization
---------------

Compatible with all game localizations.

The options are translated into English, German, Spanish, French,
Italian, Portuguese, and Russian.

If you have translations for another language, post a comment on
the WoWInterface download page.


Credits
-----------

BetterBattlePetTooltip was inspired by Lifetapt’s PetCaught.


Feedback
-----------

**Post a comment on WoWInterface.** If you are reporting a bug, please
include detailed instructions I can follow to reproduce the bug myself,
whether or not it still happens when all other addons are disabled, and
the exact text of the first related error message (if any) from BugSack.

If you need to contact me privately, you can send a private message to
Phanx on either download site, or email me at <addons@phanx.net>.
**Please note** that I do not provide private addon support or tutoring
of any kind; post a comment or forum thread instead!


License
----------

Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Phanx. All rights reserved. See the accompanying
LICENSE file for additional information.
